# Stock-Analysis
**Purpose**
  For the current project, we were given the stocks for the 2018 and 2017 for twelve different companies. Each company had data corresponding to the opening value, ending value, the highest value, lowest value, adjusted close, and ticker volume for their respective date. Using this data, we were then tasked with complaining partially completed code and filling in the gaps to better understand the how many stocks were traded each year for each ticker and what the overall return was. Using this data, we can then better understand how profitable the company was and the potential money could have made in the course of the two years. In order to successfully complete the remaining code, we had to use our understanding of creating loops and condition statements while using an index for reference.
**Results**
  Upon running the code for the stocks analysis, we were able to successfully create two tables showing the total volume and the return for each company. When reviewing the data, we can see that in 2017, majority of investors saw a return on investment. The only exceptions being "TERP", which saw a loss on investment for the year of 2017. Four companies saw a major return on investment for 2017 with their return being over 100%. Meaning investors could have doubled their profits if they had invested at the beginning of the year. The year 2018 saw opposite results with majority of the companies having a loss on investment. While the starting prices in 2018 were bigger, the ending prices ended up being much smaller causing many investors to lose profits. One of the more profitable companies for 2018 was "RUN", while 2017 only saw a 5.5% on investment, they saw an 84% return in 2018. From these results, we can conclude that the beginning of 2017 and the end of 2018 was a great time to buy stocks for the majority of the following companies. Furthermore, we can conclude that the end of 2017 and beginning of 2018 was the best time to sell stocks for most of the companies.
**Summary**
  The purpose of the project was refactored code for VBA. Using code provided, we completed it and successfully ran it to create two tables which we would us to interrupt the data that was given to us. From the tables we were able to conclude based off the data, that the beginning of 2017 and end of 2018 were excellent years to buy given that the stock price was the lowest at both of those points. We were also able to conclude that the end of 2017 and beginning of 2018 were the best times to sell stock to maximize profit. The process of refactoring code is important, however there are some pros and cons to doing so. For one, it can be confusing at times to know what to do, especially when the code was originally written by someone else. Trying to understand what someone’s intentions are for the code can be difficult and part of the process for refactoring code is trying to understand it from someone else’s point of view. Additionally, when refactoring code, there is a potential for errors and finding these can be exceedingly difficult depending on the length of the code. The pros to refactoring code is that the process can be a lot more efficient in terms of checking for errors. With multiple people working on code in a workplace on a single project, having another person avail be to check the code for errors can be beneficial. For the given code, the main problem that we had run into was the understanding of the goal of the code at times and adapting our way to write code and label certain things to the original author's way. A pro for the given project is that having someone else start on the code made it easier to fill in the gaps where they were missing code.
